OSDOCS-17178: SEC-10: CQA 2.0 - Security Profile Operator (#112027)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/spo-binding-workloads.adoc

  name: nginx-binding
spec:
  profileRef:
    kind: {kind}
    name: profile
  image: quay.io/security-profiles-operator/test-nginx-unprivileged:1.21
----
+
where:
`kind:`:: variable refers to the kind of the profile.
`name:`:: variable refers to the name of the profile.

> `image:`:: You can enable a default security profile by using a wildcard in the image attribute: `image: "*"`

Reviewer: So there are a few things here that need adjustment. The most important is that it's not rendering correctly in the preview, likely due to a missing space between "where:" and the beginning of the description list items.

Another thing, that is less important but still worth considering, is that when using description lists, you want to try and follow the grammatical structure we are supposed to have, Be sure to introduce the description list with "where:" and start each variable description with "Specifies.", where we try to start each item with "Specifies". If pretty impossible to do without entirely rewriting the description, then I suppose you can keep it as-is.

Also, when referring to the name of the spec, you don't need to include the colon at the end.

Here is what all that feedback would look like:

```suggestion
where:

`kind`:: Specifies the kind of the profile.
`name`:: Specifies the name of the profile.
`image`:: Allows you to enable a default security profile by using a wildcard in the image attribute: `image: "*"`
```

For the last `image` param, I tried some wording that doesn't change the meaning but still follows the same grammatical structure of description lists

Reviewer: Another thing to note is that, in order to avoid confusion over which parameter you're referring to in the file, you often want to use the full spec path (for example `spec.profileRef.kind`). In this case, there are two `kind` and two `name` parameters in this file, so you would want to use the entire spec paths in your description list to avoid confusion:

```suggestion
where:

`spec.profileRef.kind:`:: Specifies the kind of the profile.
`spec.profileRef.name:`:: Specifies the name of the profile.
`spec.image:`:: Allows you to enable a default security profile by using a wildcard in the image attribute: `image: "*"`
```

Author: Done, thank you. I completely missed this.

  name: nginx-binding
spec:
  profileRef:
    kind: {kind}
    name: profile
  image: quay.io/security-profiles-operator/test-nginx-unprivileged:1.21
----
+
where:

`spec.profileRef.kind:`:: Specifies the kind of the profile.
`spec.profileRef.name:`:: Specifies the name of the profile.

> `spec.image:`:: Allows you to enable a default security profile by using a wildcard in the image attribute: `image: "*"`

Reviewer: This looks much better, last thing is just to remove the colons:

```suggestion
`spec.profileRef.kind`:: Specifies the kind of the profile.
`spec.profileRef.name`:: Specifies the name of the profile.
`spec.image`:: Allows you to enable a default security profile by using a wildcard in the image attribute: `image: "*"`
```

Author: I just flatly  misunderstood that one, thank you, update done.
